‎It’s hard to see clear
when challenges appear.
‎We get lost inside
the emotions we feel.
‎When adversity
strikes us down,
‎No need to stay
on the ground.
‎Look up;
Reach out.
‎Do not be afraid,
for He is with us,
‎Saving us with His right hand
of righteousness.
‎So when it gets
hard sometimes,
‎We need to remember
we’re not alone.
‎No, we’re never alone.
‎Just pray;
Do not be afraid.
‎He gives us friends
who stick by our side.
‎Their prayers of faith and love
are always right on time.
‎And each day
when we read His Word,
‎It gives us
the strength to endure.
‎When we’re down,
We’ll reach out.
‎Do not be afraid,
for He is with us,
‎Saving us with His right hand
of righteousness.
‎So when it gets
hard sometimes,
‎We need to remember
we’re not alone.
‎No, we’re never alone.
Just pray.
‎So when those dark clouds
come rolling in,
‎Hold your head high.
It’ll be all right.
‎Do not be afraid,
for He is with us,
‎Saving us with His right hand
of righteousness.
‎So when it gets
hard sometimes,
‎We need to remember
we’re not alone.
‎No, we’re never alone.
‎Just pray;
Do not be afraid.